Showreel submission post 2025 (#1140)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_article/submissions-open-godot-2025-showreel.md

---
title: "Submissions open for Godot 2025 showreel"
excerpt: "Showcase your Godot creations in 2025! We're inviting submissions of short videos featuring your published or in-progress Godot games or tools. Don't miss this chance to be a part of it!"
categories: ["news"]
author: Emi
image: /storage/blog/covers/godot-showreel-2023.webp
image_caption_description: Illustration by André Marí Coppola
date: 2025-08-15 15:00:00
---

Showcase your Godot Engine 2025 creations! We invite you to submit videos featuring your published or in-progress games or tools so we can make the Godot 2025 Showreel.

> The showreels are an informative and celebratory showcase, to highlight the wide array of projects developed using the Godot Engine. If you want to participate and share your Godot-made game, app or tool submit your entry starting today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our annual showreels are informative and celebratory showcases, to highlight the wide array of projects developed using the Godot Engine. If you want to participate this year and share your Godot-made game, app, or tool, submit your entry starting today.
```

## What's new this year?

> This year, we want to invite more people to participate in the voting phase. So, if you are a member of the <a href="https://fund.godotengine.org/">Development Fund</a>, you will be able to cast your votes alongside the Godot maintainers! To be eligible to vote, you need to have a recurrent donation active and when the voting starts you will be able to vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year, we want to invite more people to participate in the voting phase. So, if you are a member of the <a href="https://fund.godotengine.org/">Development Fund</a>, you will be able to cast your votes alongside the Godot maintainers! To be eligible to vote, you need to have a recurrent donation active.
```

## How to submit

> You can submit your entry in our [Godot Showreel website](https://showreel.godotengine.org/). You can use your Godot account or any other account (GitHub, Discord, etc.) to log in. Before submitting, please read the [submission guidelines](https://showreel.godotengine.org/about).

Reviewer: It's not really _any_ other account is it, just six types. Anyway, to be honest I'd just remove that sentence, as they'll see the available login methods when they visit that page and it doesn't really need an explanation in this blog post.

```suggestion
You can submit your entry in our [Godot Showreel website](https://showreel.godotengine.org/). Before submitting, please read the [submission guidelines](https://showreel.godotengine.org/about).
```

> - ✅ **[Submit your entry](https://showreel.godotengine.org/)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this line is unnecessary, especially as the site was just linked in the previous paragraph.

- 📅 **Submissions close on October 1st 2025**
- 📅 **Voting starts on October 6th 2025**

## Need inspiration?

> Check out our [showreel playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1Lon_Q2T18&list=PLeG_dAglpVo6EpaO9A1nkwJZOwrfiLdQ8&index=1) for some creative sparks and see what makes a great submission! Here you have last year's showreel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [showreel playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1Lon_Q2T18&list=PLeG_dAglpVo6EpaO9A1nkwJZOwrfiLdQ8&index=1) for some creative sparks and see what makes a great submission! Here is last year's showreel:
```
